# ATM_classes

## Description
United Bank is looking at computerizing its banking system. The users of the system will interact with it like customers using an ATM. A part of their software requirement is given below. You are required to do additional self-study on how ATM machines function and create a design for managing the same.

## Requirement
The ATM allows the creation of new accounts, authenticate account holders, and also manages credits and debits. Each ATM has a unique ID, bank name, the maximum amount of money possible in the ATM, and the address of where it is located. The money in the ATM is of different currency denominations. Money can be deposited and withdrawn from an account provided the account holder gives proper authentication. When an account is opened, the details of account holders are recorded in the system’s files which include their names, unique ids, address, account type, and phone numbers. An account can be owned by a maximum of two individuals (joint accounts). The system stores a secret alphanumeric key for each account. 
When the user transacts with the bank's ATM, this secret key is first required before any transaction. Once the key is entered and verified the details of the account holder with a current balance are displayed. A maximum of three attempts are allowed for entering the secret key, after which a relevant message is shown, and the user must exit the system. Customers are also allowed to transfer money between accounts. Uni Bank provides three types of accounts:  Checking Account, Savings Account, and Business Account. A checking account provides interest rates of 3% per annum. A maximum of AED 5000 can be withdrawn in one day and there must always be a balance of AED 100 in the account. For the saving account, the interest rate is 7% per annum. Only a maximum of AED 2000 can be withdrawn in one day and there must always be a balance of AED 1000 in the account. For a business account, additional information is required like business name, business registration number, and business owner name. The interest rate is 3% per annum. Only a maximum of AED 10000 can be withdrawn in one day and there must always be a balance of AED 2000 in the account. If there is insufficient money, i.e. less than 10% of the maximum amount in the ATM, a message is automatically sent to the bank with necessary details. 
